I know he had submitted those to the State Department and to other agencies and have discussed them with those agencies.
Well, Mr. Cohen, you thought it'd be a good man to have, didn't you?
I did, sir.
And you wanted it.
I did, sir, and I think my judgment was indicated in what he did in that investigation.
And you hired it.
No, sir, I didn't.
Somebody did? Who did?
Well, the chairman of the committee had it.
Why didn't you pay him?
We didn't pay him for this reason, sir.
Who didn't?
Who didn't pay him to do?
I thought he said we did pay him.
No, sir, I didn't pay him. I beg your pardon. Now why didn't you pay him?
I started saying so. We did not pay him for this reason.
He had financial means of his own.
When the question of payment came up, he said, I do not want any money.
I am glad to do the job. It's a privilege to do the job.
I will fill it without any compensation. I don't need the money.
It's a period and we were not going to post them on our own.
Now, I'm just going to throw it up and pass.
And I don't tell you or so, is?
But you have financial means to go on too.
Don't you?
Yes, sir. I do have certain financial means.
And you take your pay and I think you should.
Well, maybe I'm not as unselfish as you are.
You did it quite a few times, sir, that he was not least
or subject to discipline that he worked for as if he were paid?
Point of order, sir.
Can I have the counsel from the small town of these towns
while they're not using receiving pay?
Well, he is working for nothing at the same time.
Now you've got me there.
The answer is there is, but I am working for nothing.
I had a talk to both you and Mr. Shun, so I'll pick.
Please.
More, two shades for the sentence.
Where are your numbers?
Three, two, three, orange and pink and pink.
Now, where did he come to work?
I think it was about three weeks after I came.
And who did he report for his first job?
He report.
I think at the beginning, sir, for a series of...
No, my question has been in the deep regard.
I'm trying to answer it, sir.
I think at the beginning there were a series of meetings
between the Senate and McCarthy, Dave Shine, myself.
I don't think there was anybody else from the state
there at that point.
Any guy?
Any guy from the side of the set, right?
Well, what we did at the beginning, sir,
was discuss just what the general problem was
and how to go about the investigation.
Did he move to Washington?
He spent the voice of America's located in New York.
He spent a lot of time in New York.
He spent a lot of time in Washington.
What?
My question is did he move?
Well, when he was in Washington, he looked there.
When he was in New York, he looked there.
I just wanted to establish it.
Did he keep his home in New York and come down here
when he wanted to work here?
That's what he did.
So the answer is he did not move to Washington.
No, so he did not give up his New York.
Right.
Now, under whom did he go to work?
Under whose direction?
In the senator?
Yes.
And nobody else?
I would say that's right, sir.
Did that continue throughout his tenure?
Well, there were changes in the situation.
Mr. Walch, as there were changes in the staff set up.
Well, did somebody else start in giving him orders at some time?
That's so much a question of all of this, Mr. Walch.
When we started out with the committee,
I was the chief counsel, but in addition to myself,
there was another gentleman who was the general counsel.
There were sort of two teams which were working.
Separately on different investigations and different projects.
There came a time when there was a change in that setup.
We had a new staff director came who sort of consolidated both teams.
I haven't thought I would make the conclusion answer.
Yes, I say new staff director came who tried to consolidate both teams.
He didn't stay long and then Mr. Carl came.
And he first was a tool man.
Chair, while opening, open the afternoon session by again welcoming the guests who have come to the committee room.
The purposes of seeing and hearing these hearings.
We're sure you, on behalf of my colleagues, that you are most welcome.
We are happy to have you here as our guests.
And to remind those of you who have been here before and who have quaint those of you who are here for the first time.
I was the fact that he is now making his speech.
We'll meet with you, Mr. Mayor.
Any manifest statements of approval or disapproval of an audible nature at any time or of any time.
And the uniformed officers that you see before you.
And the plane closed people scattered through the audience,
they have standing instructions from the chair and the committee to remove immediately from the room politely.
But firmly and without any further instructions from the chair.
Any of our guests, for reasons best known to themselves,
you left to violate the terms under which you entered the committee room.
And we need to refrain from interrupting the hearings by any manifestations of an audible nature of approval or of disapproval.
Translations are believed you are going to have three special short witnesses before this afternoon.
Mr. Chairman, this is Mr. Chairman of this time.
I have a bizarre recall of the next witness.
Hi.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
Could I make a suggestion about these witnesses?
I think, Mike.
Make our job very much shorter.
Yes, sir, you may.
I've already disclosed to Mr. Jenkins what the witnesses would wish that are here and what they have.
There are three witnesses here who took an humanitarian call between Mr. Stevens,
Mr. Adams, on the one hand, and the various senators,
seated at this table on the other, including Senator McCarthy.
Please.
telephone monitor telephone call that is involved has been submitted to Mr. Harlow with,
as Mr. Jenkins knows.
It is proposed by me, Mr. Jenkins, that the three witnesses be called,
but they identify the telephone calls that are in Mr. Harlow's position as having been taken and transpired by them.
And that they swear to their accuracy.
Let's be certain what I am about to move Mr. Wale.
Mr. Wale and having had them sworn as to their accuracy, they could be arranged in chronological order,
after their sworn as to their accuracy, and rather, fees by one of the witnesses, or by someone other than the witness.
The point seems that they're all dumbled up as to chronology, as between the three of you follow.
Mr. Wale said this time, I intend to put on Mr. Pax for the purpose of proving,
the very first monitor telephone call between Senator Munt and the Secretary of the Army.
Mr. Wale, calm his question, I mean, he's tight.
The very first, I'm going to introduce Mr. Rowe and has the earliest one.
The doctor, I'm sorry, is developing to get whoever's willing to monitor his call,
because the first order of the witness was agreed to be the introduction of my call appropriately,
and he surrounded with the necessary legal provisions, and the suggestions helpful made by my senior colleagues from the market genre.
So if it helps, Ms. Pikes, fine, if that's Mr. Lucas, okay, or if it's Mr. Rowe.
Wherever it was, it was listening in.
Let's not want to see the third party in the telephone conversation so we can get on with the work.
Let me put it to you this way, so we'll understand each other.
On the 20th of February, there were seven telephone calls here being offered.
The first one was to Mr. Dirkton and is in evidence that has not been sworn to.
That?
This is a much more interesting one.
No, I beg your pardon, is it sometimes as something intentional about that?
It's a breach of money.
I'll be here.
I don't think so.
Seven of them are in there.
Then look, Mr. Dirkton.
I think we will explain that to Walsh if you would have Mr. Lucas, Mr. Rowe, the Miss Pikes, House Chiefs.
Okay.
We'll have to be clear.
Out of the way, we'll be inside an additional chair.
Out of work.
We'll clear it and we will put the board over there.
We'll be clear.
We'll bring them on all together.
Well, the three Montecreas teams are exhumed with this map.
Yes.
Very well.
All right.
Yes.
That must be the map.
The name is Pike.
Yes.
And Mr. Lucas, I recognize and what is the name of the tower on that?
Mr. Rowe, will you all please stand, please, and be going together.
You're right, Anne.
You saw him before, and he touched him on you.
He was just too close to the house.
He said nothing but the children.
So how did you get it?
Thank you, and you never did it.
You have a need, Mr. Chancelle.
Please tell the committee your full name.
Oh.
Jane R. Hart.
Miss Pike, about the official position of anything you've told us within a while.
I'm Secretary Alton Defeb.
I'm going to hide with you.
Please tell the microphone, I've a little closer to you, so that all of us are extremely busy.
You're all alone.
Secretary, you're the Secretary.
You are Secretary to the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Stevens.
That's right.
I have such these six things in your hand, Miss Pike.
I do.
I will ask you whether or not the politicians use monitors certain telephone calls between the Secretary of the Army and others.
Have or not you want to see just monitors certain telephone calls between the Secretary of the Army and the members of the State Committee?
Yes, sir.
And the Secretary of the Army and the chairman of the State Committee, the State Committee, Senator Monk?
Please say whether or not the Miss Pike, on February 20th, 1954, you monitor the telephone calls between Senator Monk and the Secretary of the Army and the State Committee.
I do.
Do you have any exact copies of the transcription of your notes before you?
Yes, sir.
I will ask you, Miss Pike, is it Mr. Mrs.?
Mrs. Mrs. Mrs.
I will ask you to now read to the members of the Committee the context of that telephone call of February 20th, 1954.
Yes, sir.
Now, this time, my attention has been called to the fact that you still too far away from the micropowering time.
I'm just waiting to be not here.
Now, Mr. Stevens, I look forward to seeing you.
Before you read, may I inquire whether this is a good thing?
The transcription of the document, Mr. Stevens, the document, is to me.
Well, Senator Monk, I am a Secretary and try to get down as much as I can.
I do not believe this always, of course you understand.
I'm only not a Secretary.
I'm going to have a disease, whatever you have.
But I would like to know, from my own benefit, whether it is the well-being of the transcription, and every two minutes.
And yes, Mr. Lucas just arrived.
Sometimes, even if it's the Stevens' self-president, or if somebody else is, if you sit together all, he's getting put down a little bit.
So if you overlook something, you're sitting together, and you leave it, and we should be in the case of that, because you're at that place, so that if my grammar is worse than usual, I'm not going to tell you overlook something else.
I'll absolutely, my semantics will come back.
I don't try to take it for a bit, because I just can't.
And not being used to taking two sides of a conversation, that way, I do not try to get it for a bit.
I do try to be, of course, as accurate as possible in getting the stuff that's in.
You are understanding what you are about.
The disease is not an actual term, so you cannot understand what it notes for the sort of reason.
So not for this, or some of you, couple says about the two parts.
This is my ability. It is not for later, as I say, but the name's that right.
All right, every chance of maybe, but I wanted to be sure you won't have to mention any dust, because it isn't that right.
There's no mention of this, and we're interested in some issues.
February 20, 1964, in November, A.M.
Can't give you a full mic, little mirror.
Can you put that up there, folks?
Now, fly the full louder.
I may ask the control man if he can turn it up a little bit more.
February 20, 1964, in November, A.M.
Senator Paul Montrecurne, Secretary of Army Paul, earlier this morning.
Secretary of Army, Secretary of Army Paul, calling a post conversation of yesterday afternoon,
that he had tried to find out and wasn't able to until this morning, where Joe was,
because he saw the only right and distance and fair, that he should call him on the phone,
and tell him he called on as many members of the subcommittee to take the fine and express his concern.
Secretary indicated he did not give you an opening.
As they went on with the conversation, Joe got madder and madder.
Senator McCarty asked, do you mean to say General's Wicker is not going to appear before the committee on Tuesday?
Secretary replied, I am going to try to keep him from doing this, because I feel that the man has been cooked through, should not be repeated.
Then he brings his good army and asks if I would accept a patina for Tuesday morning at 10.
I replied, I will take it under advisement. He asked, are you receiving? I said no, I am not accepting or receiving.
Senator McCarty said, new of the pinnacle for 10 Tuesday morning and hung up the phone.
Senator McCarty questioned the refusal to accept the patina.
Said if they would be released, they will power a patina to executive departments, might as well close up Congress as a shop.
Secretary said when a patina is served, he certainly will appear, but did not claim it necessary to state his position on phone.
Senator McCarty could not put the pinnacle by phone anyway, indicating he had not seen him for a while, but he seemed to be carrying on a one man's preserves because of something that happened last fall.
Then he asked where he will be, and Secretary said Senator McCarty didn't say, but he proved to be walking to.
Senator McCarty indicated he had tried to get transcript, but it hadn't come down.
Secretary said incidentally, the pat I had close arms had been taken from records.
Senator McCarty said he didn't speak close to mention.
Secretary said they were in the ball for more time, which walked the only type or he knew of.
And decided to get the end of the concessions.
There's a J.P. in the ballroom.
That's my fair.
May I ask now whether you have other monochic telephone calls to my constituents?
Of you, sir?
Yes.
I do not.
Mr. Chairman, could I just for the record now, and I intend to answer my calls already, and also, could I show that the time on this monuxe call is 11 a.m. at the 20th of February.
I think that's the Secretary told you he shouldn't find me, but I have a monochic telephone call with Senator McCarty.
I have 10 a.m. so that he had close to me one hour before he told you he couldn't find me.
I missed the car.
Hi.
Did I understand you had never wondered with any other call?
Oh, no.
I'm not.
I mean, the purpose of all this is to disclose our souls entirely.
And I want to know whether I'm just subject to you.
You have no other call, is it mine?
Can I go out to have you be very sure?
I either say yes, or no.
I'm the country of virtual subjects.
I suppose you can come to the greater with Senator McCarty, or the committee, or General Dricker, or the hearings you know I'm talking about.
No, sir, I have not.
Tomorrow is the chance of the call with the tutor on the search right now.
No, please.
And Mr. Jenkins, that there are other people who want to be in telephones.
Yes, sir.
Or if you're Mr. Chairman, and it may be, I think, is correct that this young lady monitor calls between the secretary and other members of the subcommittee.
But I don't have any other one side or any other side of the office at this time.
I'm trying to break the document with you.
Oh, yeah.
I have no further questions.
You may say, there, because some other Senator Maymond, if you will find another monitor and proceed on the appeal.
I assume Mr. Chairman, that no one else has any questions to ask.
Is it like I will ask him not to stand aside.
I don't have a...
Just wanted to brief, but...
I wonder if it was enough to work out in the feet of Senator McCarty on these calls that we conclude the calls that have come in from each senator first.
The men have to run it around the table fine.
Mr. Chairman, we'd like to have his whole discussion spread out in public view at one spot, so that his gathers through hundreds of papers.
I think that's an early way with Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's the right way to move out of exchange since Mr. Rhodes.
Mr. Rhodes, what are you following, please, sir?
They are our role, Junior.
I think you were sworn along with Mr. Pike and Mr. Lucas.
Yes, sir.
What position do you hold at the Pentagon, Mr. Rhodes?
I'm a short-hand reporter for the department of the Army.
Do you or not, you sometimes take monitor telephone calls?
Yes, sir. I substitute for Mr. Lucas on weekends occasionally and when he is on leave.
They will or not, you sometimes monitor telephone calls, picing the theme effect there, the Army, Mr. Stevens, and particularly members of the subcommittee.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rhodes, please, you are not held before you a copy of a monitor telephone call on February 21, 1954.
Between the six years of the Army and acting chairman of this committee, Senator Monk?
Mr. Jenkins, did you mean the 20th?
No, I mean February 21st.
I'd like to find you.
I just have to find one of the 20th Mr. Rhodes.
I follow you.
I get a hold.
Yes, sir.
Is that correct, Mr. Rhodes?
Would you monitor that telephone call?
Yes, sir.
And you can describe this to type?
Is it accurate?
Yes, sir.
Is it a birth later report, or does it support to substantially contain the context of the call between Senator Monk and Mr. Stevens?
How much that is as verbatim as it is.
It is called for data.
I will now ask you to read it in the record.
A minute.
It's here as that.
That is that answer.
Is it a hundred percent verbatim?
I can't very well say, sir, because the interruptions in the room, Mr. Acquers, is at previously pointed out.
I'm just wondering if the cover truth is all.
Yes.
Is either a hundred percent verbatim or is it not a hundred percent verbatim?
Are you under oath?
I want you to tell me the truth.
This is the first time I've met you.
This is the other time we talked together.
I didn't see you.
So, I would like to know, sir, is it a hundred percent verbatim report or not?
I can't say that it's a hundred percent.
Is your answer no?
Yes, sir.
It's just your best to take it down as I understand it.
A hundred percent verbatim.
There have been interruptions in the room.
There have been interruptions on the phone, sir.
Could have been words that were indistinctly ugly.
At one side or the other, but you made a hundred percent effort.
Yes, sir.
Now, number two.
At the places where it is not a hundred percent verbatim,
you followed the fact that Mr. Lucas said he followed it,
putting down a little box.
No, sir, I did not.
So, let's see.
Poor fellow who didn't know him as being monitored,
he's never going to know whether or not he has some particular juncture.
He's hearing himself or hearing something that you put down.
If you find him, I'd accept him because of another revolution in the room.
I had, I put down what I have on my note, sir.
And I think the content is all there.
If you're no way, then you didn't follow Mr. Lucas's very fine practice.
And I recommend this to the faithful monitor,
because it's going to become a career around the town,
but we should follow that as well as the code of ethics.
Do we get all?